everyone Cory friend Cory reviews here
to do an unboxing for some movies I have
been waiting to come on blu-ray for the
longest time and finally the holiday
season is picking up fine on blu-ray
that is the Santa Claus trilogy you get
the Santa Clause the Santa Clause - and
Santa Clause 3 the escape clause all on
blu-ray so I'm gonna go ahead and go
through this and see what it all has in
store first off here's the cover and get
the spine and then the back some
pictures up from each film special
feature wise for the first Santa Clause
film you get a so you want to be an elf
featurette making santa's snacks with
wolfgang featurette and the night before
christmas short on the santa claus - you
get deleted scenes gag grill bloopers
from the cast inside the North Pole with
Curtis featurette true confessions of
the legendary figures featurette and
more and then on Santa Claus 3 you get
blooper reel alternate opening the new
comedians on the set with Tim and Marty
Christmas Carol okey deck the halls
virtual holiday decorator and more
alright so the shoe crap is taken off
and I'm not sure if I'm gonna be able to
pick this up but it is kind of embossed
on the front at least the the title
Santa Claus the SC right there
see that's embossed all the titles right
here are embossed see if I could try to
pick this up a little bit more I
probably won't be able to but there you
go a little bit house like snowflakes
become the titles so it's kind of
embossed and then on the back you kind
of get like some kind of reflective
quality in a way with all the snow in
the back here but didn't go ahead and
turn it over and then all three films
come out there and see you get the first
one the second one and the third one
back to back to back now it does look
like these are not blu ray/dvd combo
packs I guess if you bought them
individually they were a combo packs but
I guess what the trilogy said they're
just regular blu-ray so if you want the
films on DVD as well you you're probably
gonna have to keep your own for this
specific set but if you're just wanting
them on blu-ray I guess this is the way
to go alright so I went ahead and took
off all the shrink wraps for each
individual title the first one up is the
Santa Clause the first one by far the
best one and just a simple cover but
very nice so now on the back you get all
the special features I was talking about
earlier 5.1 dts-hd master audio english
french and spanish subtitles on this one
there's your spine if you open it up a
CD get your disney reward right there
and your one disc i guess if it was a
comic patcher - probably at this right
here but uh you know it's it's fine
considering the price i paid not too bad
I guess so again the inside of the case
no background artwork anything pretty
plain so that's the Santa Claus one
Santa Claus - and this is the 10th
anniversary release of Santa Claus -
which is pretty shocking because I still
vividly remember seeing this in theaters
so it's weird to think that this films
already ten years old so and again all
the special features on the back lots of
good stuff there and actually there are
more special features with this one you
get a director set tour and a director's
commentary so not that bad you do get a
little bit more with the Santa Claus - I
guess maybe since it's the 10th
anniversary they kind of put a little
bit more on this one but yeah not too
bad not too bad so inside again you get
your Disney Movie Rewards code and your
one disc so that's the Santa Claus -
10th anniversary blu-ray release still
can't believe 10 years old
and last but not least is definitely you
know everyone's least favorite you know
for people who like these films
everybody will usually choose this as at
least favorite here's the back I mean so
many special features on this one in it
that's two lists right there special
features so lots of good stuff right
there and sadly on this one this one
does have 5.1 compressed audio not sure
why I guess this is probably just kind
of a repackage of the first release of
this blu-ray you know what can you do
but it's not one that I'm gonna be
watching all the time so I guess I don't
really mind and inside you get your
Disney Movie Rewards code again and your
one disc so inside and the complete
outside of Santa Claus 3 the escape
clause alright so that is my unboxing of
the Santa Claus blu-ray trilogy set
these films are definitely classics to
watch around the holidays I could watch
the first Santa Claus film at any given
time it's just one of my all-time
favorite kinda like childhood nostalgia
movies but also holiday films the second
one I actually thought was actually
pretty good and of course you know third
one's just yeah but still a must own set
for any collection in my opinion
especially for people who grew up on
these films and watches them every year
throughout the holiday season
this set is going for $34 on Amazon
which is actually pretty good
considering most places have it going
for about 45 to 55 60 bucks online and
most stores don't even carry these films
at all I looked at Best Buy they didn't
even have it so Amazon is probably your
safest bet
I don't want it took a few days to get
here and surprisingly Amazon's charges
taxed now so is actually $36 for
everything here so I mean that comes out
still to only $12 a movie with Troy
isn't bad and you get this cool embossed
outer slip box to go ahead and go what
it looks really nice and this is pretty
much everything that the DVD trilogy set
came with except obviously upgraded to
blu-ray which I am very happy about so
let me know your thoughts of these films
down below I hope you enjoyed this
unboxing and until next time Corey from
Corey reviews see all it